the things that are coming and I'm going to talk with ibai
too eh take a clip send it to
tiktok I'm going to talk with ibai you have to
understand some things and it's like
half a jug says the
cku controversy with the ibai evening is getting to czu
what's happening with ibai It's that the agenda
the days the schedules the level of Lauro
that he has I also understand he must have
messages from the entire world because he
would answer the T did you see that IB wants to
make a LOL league no I didn't know but
IB with i I mean ibai doesn't talk to me anymore I
with i I don't talk to him anymore I spoke to him twice
to ask him some things he didn't
answer it's complicated to talk to him
Twitch thing man eh It's that we've been
here so many years man and I'm not saying it because
I've received an offer I don't have an
offer from anyone I mean I'm not wanted by
anyone of course now as everyone is
with the fact that he's going here Well
especially in Latin America J It's that I
man really has to be an offer
that you that we're going to that the people in the
chat tell me  ibai Look, accept it or is it an
idiot that ibai doesn't have a contract, it's a
lie and b has a contract, in fact very
few people currently have a contract on
Twitch, I understand that those that are expiring, I understand
that only
IB and auron will renew it, period. No more, there is no
one who has those numbers to
renew a contract.